; In terms of Cannith Crafting, there are exactly 3 different weapons in
; the entire game: Onehand, Twohand, and Range. That means you don't need 
; to specify a specific weapon type, but the program allows you to do so
; anyway to help make different gearsets more easily recognizable.
;
; Set up lists of which weapons you want to include for each type on the 
; Item and Gearset screens. Every weapon type is supported, and defined in 
; Items.txt, so you can set up complete lists if you prefer it that way.
;
; Choices are displayed in the order they appear in this file.
; Add a separator by setting a choice to "-" (no quotes.)
; The default choice is what is displayed when creating a new item or gearset.
; (Saving a Default Item List overrides the default from this file.)
;
; Any customizations in this file get overwritten each update.
; Instead, copy this file to UserItemChoices.txt in the same folder
; as this file and make your changes there. On load, if UserItemChoices.txt
; exists, it will be used instead of this file.
;
; These lists can include base items and "combination" items. 
; See ItemCombo.txt for more information about combo items.
;
; Optionally add a second item after a semicolon to specify a paired offhand 
; choice when a weapon is chosen as the mainhand. A paired offhand choice
; isn't required, and can be overridden by the user while creating
; a gearset. Any Two-Hand weapon (Melee2H, Bows) automatically pairs
; with "Empty" as the Offhand.
;
; Be careful not to include the wrong type of weapon in a list.
; If no Default is specified, the first choice is the default.

Style: Melee1H
Default: Battle Axe
Choice: Bastard Sword; Heavy Shield
Choice: Battle Axe; Battle Axe
Choice: Dagger; Dagger
Choice: Dwarven Axe; Heavy Shield
Choice: Hand Axe; Buckler
Choice: Kama; Buckler
Choice: Khopesh; Khopesh
Choice: Kukri; Kukri
Choice: Long Sword; Long Sword
Choice: Mace; Heavy Shield
Choice: Morningstar; Heavy Shield
Choice: Pick; Pick
Choice: Rapier; Rapier
Choice: Scepter; Orb
Choice: Scimitar; Scimitar
Choice: Short Sword; Short Sword
Choice: Sickle; Buckler
Choice: Warhammer; Warhammer

Style: Melee2H
Default: Great Axe
Choice: Falchion
Choice: Great Axe
Choice: Great Sword
Choice: -
Choice: Maul
Choice: Quarterstaff
Choice: Handwraps

Style: Range
Default: Bow
Choice: Bow
Choice: Crossbow; Runearm
Choice: Shuriken; Short Sword
Choice: Throwing Axe; Buckler
Choice: Throwing Dagger; Buckler
